WORK_LOG.md, before:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date      |    Time     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Update |
|:----------|:-----------:|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| April 5   |   9-10pm    |                                                                                                                                                                                     I tried to write abstract, efficient code. |
| January 6 |  1:15-1:45  | I spent thie time considering the optimal solution to this problem. I think I landed on using depth first search to find every possible path to find words (allows for duplicates when taken along difference paths) and using |
| January 8 | 11:25-11:55 |                                                                       I spent this time thinking out the depth first solution. During htis time I attained a very strong conceptual undersatnding and began to implement code. |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.

Commit message:

Nearly finished, need to implement ways to speed up code.

WORK_LOG.md, after:

Name: YOUR NAME HERE

| Date       |    Time     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Update |
|:-----------|:-----------:|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| April 5    |   9-10pm    |                                                                                                                                                                                                      I tried to write abstract, efficient code. |
| January 6  |  1:15-1:45  |                  I spent thie time considering the optimal solution to this problem. I think I landed on using depth first search to find every possible path to find words (allows for duplicates when taken along difference paths) and using |
| January 8  | 11:25-11:55 |                                                                                        I spent this time thinking out the depth first solution. During htis time I attained a very strong conceptual undersatnding and began to implement code. |
| January 10 | 9:10-10:10  | I spent this time implementing the code as I outlined it in my comments. The code is very close to working, but there are ways in which I can speed it up. I need some way of preening branches off of the tree once they are no longer needed. |


To add a new row to the table, click into a cell and then hit shift-enter.
